moin moin youtube welcome to
open another team opening today
I have a galaxy eyes photons dragon
from the year 2011 already something
Older team will soon be two years old
I hope the children a few good
cards out, I'm looking forward to it
opening we start galaxy eyes
photons dragon tim on the promotion
then talk when I opened them
there we have to ask and there we have
Explanation what I am this monster
as they came out for xs monster
just got out of the new
Need to have instructions there of course
we have our promos and we have five
pécs we have a generation ahead
as a first pack and still doubt the
once pack extremely victory and storm of
ragnarok ok now look at the promos
we are not really like that
bad bonus for the time
we've been freeing the cards from inside
plastic we have there once
hokus pokus flexi eyes set revenge
very nice card photons deck itself
again meet eight teams which
but there are not so many good ones yet
Eight, that's why the map is so well
since the razors are already a lot
better and then we have a lot too
good card fossil lot give away the
pronounces very good maps with mountain where
you can use it quite the opponent
get ready quickly then we have
real renaissance this meanwhile
again as a return
I believe in the legendary connection
three normal ended
also a very interesting card
you can determine later if
you do not have a monster in the cemetery then
we have bad again
vile starry dragon
very very useful just grave lights
or in darkfall text has around the
field clean cards you just play
To protect and keep very good providers
and quickly stop charmers and then
Of course we have a serious one
warning which is a very good card
now at 1 but still very much
nice as a super he looks great too
so far as the pro must then
Let's open the 56
an extreme with luggage look
miniature world that would be very nice or
a max 10
there we once with controlled
sprinkling karakuri coma chi number 2
2 4 in danish attacke one should
the samples would be some tucker then
we have rising clerics than then
we are the one that is great for me
It would be great to have sheens consultants
I do not know them at all as super
very interesting we have a great
Comparison from the first pack I have
me the determined mäckler army
Charging adapter and chronic light
one we want to have this before very
Well
monster equal tg curse the legendary 6
china barrier resonators nordic l
a lot of salt then we have as real
nordic relics here
then we have black wings briest of
backwind no hollow this pack game
cream ice cream or in the eye and wat
key on
there we have you reactor tgx 300
telepathic girl good in the pigs
we have daily catapult of revenge with
tiki racket as very very nice
meanwhile gone on two card
not so bad very nice
then we have the net loud factory axis
made kites out like senator and
mental seeker and apparently I have
I believe the rally last day
just swallowed it needs
a relatively short time then we have the
last pack star frank very good
support needle at such a lot
older cards from this year 2000 or
so looks like imported then
we have no gold dust six attack
triple blow divine wind from the
fog valley black wings boreas the
Winterwind apparently we have a lot
many black green monsters in this one
open we probably have illegally clear
Andrea lady German relic
belongs parties and faster runners
then we come to our generation
funds pack mascha and so far
now only a hollow now as
consultants now not so many
cars have been in the text of jeans
at least consultants
let's keep looking
focus legendary to break down
gogolin masks change very nice for
the heroes we have computer barcelona
as rested
very interesting then we have computer
bugfix puky de aprilia the magician and
la martina kanonier very nice a lot though
In Münster I build here briefly
when they come back to us like that
Let's get to our best pulse and
the opening he was even more
Well, in any case, as a negotiator
get black birds standing still
Boreas of the winter wind note has an effect
rainfall as rea and may rise
you clerics than him then we have
our only pick from the opening
sheehans in the consultant very interesting
then we have our form then only
If serious warning vile
stone dust brecht-theaters fossil pope
if osorio pronounces it and
Of course we set our galaxy eyes to music
kite out yes as a secret room
our house advert in so that was it
then first to the opening was not now
so the Bernese but still, after all,
we got a role
until next time bye